                                       I



                Test file

This file contains some examples of the
attributes and elements that can occur
in the input file of the LayoutEn-
gineTask. It will also showcase some of
the more complex block structures.

















                 footer
                                       7


Initial page number

Notice that this sequence is starting on
page seven, rather than one.


Paragraphs

One common style is to start the first
paragraph with a single new line before,
or rather, an empty line after the pre-
ceding block.
  Following paragraphs usually have the
first line indented, such as this one.

  Block quotes or poems are examples
  where it could be desired to apply a
  margin to a whole block.


Leaders

Leaders can be used for many things,
such as creating a table of contents:

Chapter 1..............................9
8
Chapter 2.............................27
Chapter 3.............................34

              ------------

Leader can also be used to center
shorter sections of text, such as the
title of this document, and to create
dividers, such as the one above.

Leaders can even be used to create
boxes:

         ***********************
        *                      *
        *        Notice        *
        *                      *
         ***********************


Lists

Three types of lists have been implemen-
ted: ordered, unordered and pre format-
ted lists. Here's an example of an
ordered list with three list items:

  1  Apples - It's always nice to have a
                                       9
     green, round fruit around.
  2  Oranges have a distinctive smell
     when peeled.
  3  Bananas - Dry, but full of energy.

Or, as an unordered list, if you prefer:

  •  Apples - It's always nice to have a
     green, round fruit around.
  •  Oranges have a distinctive smell
     when peeled.
  •  Bananas - Dry, but full of energy.

Pre-formatted lists can be used too:

  A) Apples - It's always nice to have a
     green, round fruit around.
  B) Oranges have a distinctive smell
     when peeled.
  C) Bananas - Dry, but full of energy.

10


New page

This heading is so important, that it
has to start on a new page.


New line

You can break a line
wherever
you
want.
11
This is part of a new sequence. Note
that this sequence does not have an ini-
tial page number. Page numbering contin-
ues from the preceding section.
